Update release docs to include content discussed during release retro (#3421)
rancher/rke2: developer-docs/upgrading_kubernetes.md

### Release Notes

> Release notes should be drafted before the release is complete and ideally before the primary release tags are cut. This happens in the [Rancher Labs - Release Notes](https://github.com/rancherlabs/release-notes) repository. Create a new branch from your fork and update the relevant files in `rke2/`. The release note files have been standardized and should stay in the style they're currently in.

Reviewer: We may want to reword as this can be a matter of preference as to when the release notes are completed. I prefer to do them after the full release tags are created while CI is running and before we uncheck the prerelease button.

* Click "Releases"
* Click "Draft a new release"
* Enter the new release version (the RKE2 Kubernetes version), appended with `-buildYYYYMMdd`, into the "Tag version" box.  **NOTE** The build system is in UTC. The command `TZ=utc date '+-build%Y%m%d'` can be used to get the correct format.
* When converting the RKE2 version to the Kubernetes version, use dash instead of plus, and do not include any alpha/beta/rc components. For example, if preparing for RKE2 `v1.23.5+rke2r2` before 5 PM Pacific on Friday, August 27th 2021 you would tag `v1.23.5-rke2r2-build20210829`
* Click the "Publish release" button. 

This will take a few minutes for [CI](https://drone-pr.rancher.io/rancher/image-build-kubernetes) to run but upon completion, a new image will be available in [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/hardened-kubernetes).

Then:

* Dockerfile: `FROM rancher/hardened-kubernetes:v1.23.5-rke2r2-build20220217 AS kubernetes`
* version.sh:
  * `KUBERNETES_VERSION=${KUBERNETES_VERSION:-v1.23.5}`
  * `KUBERNETES_IMAGE_TAG=${KUBERNETES_IMAGE_TAG:-v1.21.13-rke2r2-build20220525}`

> * In v1.21, kube-proxy is still in use an needs to be updated in the Dockerfile. Update the line: `RUN CHART_VERSION="v1.21.10-build2021041301"     CHART_FILE=/charts/rke2-kube-proxy.yaml` to the relevant RKE2 Kubernetes build version.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this line is relevant for prepping an R2. Maybe remove it, or remove the whole section and only refer to the Hardened Kubernetes section above.

Create a new release tag at the [image-build-kubernetes](https://github.com/rancher/image-build-kubernetes) repo.

* Click "Releases"
* Click "Draft a new release"
* Enter the new release version (the RKE2 Kubernetes version), appended with `-buildYYYYMMdd`, into the "Tag version" box.  **NOTE** The build system is in UTC. The command `TZ=utc date '+-build%Y%m%d'` can be used to get the correct format.
* When converting the RKE2 version to the Kubernetes version, use dash instead of plus, and do not include any alpha/beta/rc components. For example, if preparing for RKE2 `v1.23.5+rke2r2` before 5 PM Pacific on Friday, August 27th 2021 you would tag `v1.23.5-rke2r2-build20210829`
* Click the "Publish release" button. 

This will take a few minutes for [CI](https://drone-pr.rancher.io/rancher/image-build-kubernetes) to run but upon completion, a new image will be available in [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/hardened-kubernetes).

Then:

> * Dockerfile: `FROM rancher/hardened-kubernetes:v1.23.5-rke2r2-build20220217 AS kubernetes`

Reviewer: Please include the `scripts/version.sh` reference as well.

Reviewer: This section misses a lot of nuance in regards to what the person is actually doing. Either 1) refer the reader back to the section on updating RKE2's Dockerfile and scripts/version.sh file or 2) include that here as well.

This will take a few minutes for [CI](https://drone-pr.rancher.io/rancher/image-build-kubernetes) to run but upon completion, a new image will be available in [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/hardened-kubernetes).

Now restart the RKE2 upgrades as defined [here](#L39) with the updated image-build-kubernetes tags.

> Once these updates are made create a PR with '[WIP]' in the titled and let CI run. Do not merge these PR's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the updates are made, create a PR with '[WIP]' in the title, request review, and leave open until needed. If an R2 isn't necessary, these PRs should be closed at the start of the next release process.
```
